---
layout: post
title:  "record 1"
date:   2017-08-05 11:33:54 +0300
categories: diary
---
Today i feel i'm ready to begin this diary - this is my onus to humanity and today is first day i can be sure it's finally time to show it to you. In this diary i want to share some unique knowledge with you, which will change all of mankind forever. It is our new dawn, and there is no way back. This knowledge will grant us changes comparable to ones electricity and medicine have granted in past. I will not only share this knowledge with you, but also teach you of how to use it correctly. I'll never take money for this knowledge, so you are free to share this diary in any of ways you wish. Be free to use recieved knowledge to do anything you want, do not limit yourself in any manner! Also, please notice i don't care about your color, religion and genitals, but i'm white guy on science side, so if content of this diary will accidentally wound your feelings, then oh what a pity.

This began when it firstly seemed to me i suddenly got some sight of cunning trick inside text of one ancient book. When i was growing teen, i had much of chances to see in action of how ones who prefer right books, are later totally winning over ones who prefer media. However, on other hand sometimes i have been meeting with people, citing classics by rote, but looking for food through street. So, when i thought about my future life, i saw best solution in getting maximum of advantages while spending minimum of time - and i decided to come over wide range of sources of information, tasting much of different directions without of getting stuck at some one of. I began from modern alive trendies, slowly going farther to past with each book or article i read. Once i tried Grandpa of psychoanalyse, and this was my first illumination happened. It changed all of my further life.

I remember disgust i felt to myself for many time had been spent by me to read books with scenario inside. I stopped of reading of books with plots, thinking in some way like: _"Yeah, we all know some really nice media-like books and even like couple of, but i chose way without of books about people herds and their intrasocial interactions"_. I wasn't morose or even introvert, just it was not interesting more to read about shuck while nut is so close. This way i understood that most of fiction showing books are like fiction showing displays, so in deep this all is same useless shit. After that i switched strictly to books, supposed to contain something useful. While growing, i saw too much of lows, so this turned into something kinda phobia: i scared to transform into television watcher strongly enough to obtain perfect skill of books filtering. This skill led me to fact i read everybody i thought i had to. That moment i felt tired of looking for bests. So, i've switched to actively upgrading of my professional skills. In parallel slow but stable dive into dark world of amphetamines, acid and ganja has began.

*...* _to be continued_ *...*